Hi everyone, my name is Ryan Johnson and I'm a Data Science Advisor here at Posit.
And I just want to take a few moments to talk about certain data science scenarios
where you may find Posit Connect to be particularly helpful.
Now most data science teams aim to create insights that can drive a group, company, or industry forward.
And maybe your group today is already using Posit Workbench to develop these insights,
including Shiny apps, fast APIs, Quarto documents, and much more.
For our first scenario, have you ever been in a situation
where you needed to easily share insights with certain groups or individuals?
Maybe your team has built an impressive Shiny application in R
and you tried to share it with others using email.
Well, your email probably looked like this,
where you tried your best to explain how viewers can install R, RStudio, packages, package versions,
and get it running on their personal computers.
Well, it would be much easier if instead you could provide viewers
with a simple link to the Shiny application hosted on Posit Connect.
You might also need Posit Connect if you find that your day is full of recurring tasks
that you need to complete every hour, every day, every week, month, or even year.
And here are just some tasks that Posit Connect can help with.
Maybe you need to send a weekly report to your boss or update a machine learning model.
Maybe you need to extract new data from an API and load that data into a database
or any other recurring job.
For our third scenario, have you ever needed to simply give your data science insights a secure home?
Maybe you've had a conversation like this before with a colleague
where someone wants to review a report, but your team can't remember where that report lives.
With Posit Connect, you can now give those insights a home.
For our fourth scenario, have you ever been in a situation where someone had access
to a dashboard or report that they weren't supposed to see?
With Posit Connect, you can easily control access to your data insights,
especially if they contain sensitive information.
For our last scenario, have you ever created a report, application, or dashboard
that underwent multiple revisions, and when it came down to sharing the final version,
you can't remember which version is the right one?
With Posit Connect, you can publish different versions of the same asset to a single location
and easily revert back to a previous version if needed.
And those are my top five scenarios where Posit Connect can help your data science team.
If you'd like to learn more about Posit Connect, feel free to reach out to us,
and we'd love to chat more.